good morning folks I am just about
getting to work time to make a cup of
green tea and I know some of you have
asked me about how I make my cup of tea
because you see me use a fancy little
margarita which is usually called
business I'm going to show you how I
make air in my kitchen first let's I've
already filled a bit of water so that
lake a minute in the meantime let's look
over here I've got a few T's on the
shelf you can see the sound sit up in my
kitchen and today I'm gonna make Lochan
tea not because I've been paid to do
this but because I got this as a gift
over the weekend and I do quite like it
and this is green tea from Darjeeling so
let's take the box of tea over here
because it's plenty of light and then
let me go over here to where all my mugs
are they can see my lovely little mug
connection of course there are mugs here
from our house made as well and that my
darlings is it isn't here let's take it
off here
and what I'm going to do is very simple
the testing it has three parts it's got
the market it's got a little filter and
it's got okay and this little filter has
two holes in it can you see that so I'm
going to put this in the back I've got
some rotten tea kept in a bottle so I'm
going to take from them I'm just going
to put like a teaspoon four
in the filter close the bottle and
kettle almost boiled you can hear it
from blue my son understand and time to
make a lovely cup of green tea Thursday
morning get you started with work now
the trick is pour the water a little bit
at a time so the water can get through
those little holes in that filter yeah I
think that's okay if the water level
goes down we can always add some more I
think you could see it going down and
that's it you want to allow a little
space on the top for the pig to sit well
so the water doesn't spill over and that
should take a few minutes - all right
guys - it's up so I think the tea is
ready
see the rest take off the lid
please water country I always love the
sight of this and endless teams you know
just the side of the steam the water
dropping
it's a lovely green England so have a
wonderfully inspired day to see you